docs/01_Installing_dependencies.md, before:

## Important

This page will explain how to install all the necessary tools to compile the Daxa repository itself, though these things are also required for consumers of Daxa as a dependency. We'll go over using Daxa as a dependency in the next page. If you have previously worked with Vulkan or C++, you can skip some of these steps. Since those steps are different for Windows and Linux, this page is split into multiple parts. Make sure you follow the steps from the correct heading.

## Windows

### Visual Studio

In this tutorial, we will be using Clang as our compiler. Clang relies on the Microsoft STL, which we can get most easily by installing [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/community/) and selecting the C++ desktop development component during installation

### Clang & Ninja

To install Clang and Ninja, you need to install Chocolatey. To do so, enter this command line into the PowerShell as an administrator:

```ps
Set-ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process -Force; [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor 3072; iex ((New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://community.chocolatey.org/install.ps1'))
```

PowerShell might ask you to enable the running of scripts, which can be enabled by running `Set-ExecutionPolicy AllSigned`

You can then go ahead and install clang & ninja:

```batch
choco install llvm
choco install ninja
```

### Misc tools

You also need to install [Git](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/). To do so, simply download and run the installers from their websites.

### Vulkan SDK

The last step is downloading the [Vulkan SDK](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/sdk/home#windows). During installation, keep "Debuggable Shader API Libraries" unchecked since they might clash with glslang later.

## Linux

### Tools

```apt
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install ninja-build clang cmake git
```
```pacman
pacman -Syu
pacman -S ninja-build clang cmake git
```

### Vulkan SDK

For the Vulkan SDK, we advise you follow the instructions on [lunarg.com](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/latest/linux/getting_started_ubuntu.html), as they'll go over how to add the necessary sources and such for your package manager, but here are the commands for Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy):

```ubuntu
wget -qO- https://packages.lunarg.com/lunarg-signing-key-pub.asc | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/lunarg.asc
sudo wget -qO /etc/apt/sources.list.d/lunarg-vulkan-jammy.list http://packages.lunarg.com/vulkan/lunarg-vulkan-jammy.list
sudo apt update
sudo apt install vulkan-sdk
```
```other
https://vulkan.lunarg.com/sdk/home#linux
```

## Installing VSCode (Windows & Linux)

This tutorial will use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) as our code editor. You can also use other IDEs such as [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/), but it may be harder to follow the tutorial. We therefore recommend using VSCode with the following extensions:

1. C/C++ Extension Pack (`ms-vscode.cpptools-extension-pack`)
2. GLSL Lint (`dtoplak.vscode-glsllint`)

Commit message:

Update tutorial to be compatible with Daxa master

docs/01_Installing_dependencies.md, after:

## Important

This page will explain how to install all the necessary tools to compile the Daxa repository itself, though these things are also required for consumers of Daxa as a dependency. We'll go over using Daxa as a dependency in the next page. If you have previously worked with Vulkan or C++, you can skip some of these steps. Since those steps are different for Windows and Linux, this page is split into multiple parts. Make sure you follow the steps from the correct heading.

## Windows

### Visual Studio

In this tutorial, ~~we will be using Clang as our compiler~~ (EDIT: For now, there are some issues with Clang on Windows, so ). Clang relies on the Microsoft STL, which we can get most easily by installing [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/community/) and selecting the C++ desktop development component during installation

### Clang & Ninja

To install Clang and Ninja, you need to install Chocolatey. To do so, enter this command line into the PowerShell as an administrator:

```ps
Set-ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process -Force; [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor 3072; iex ((New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://community.chocolatey.org/install.ps1'))
```

PowerShell might ask you to enable the running of scripts, which can be enabled by running `Set-ExecutionPolicy AllSigned`

You can then go ahead and install clang & ninja:

```batch
choco install llvm
choco install ninja
```

### Misc tools

You also need to install [Git](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/). To do so, simply download and run the installers from their websites.

### Vulkan SDK

The last step is downloading the [Vulkan SDK](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/sdk/home#windows). During installation, keep "Debuggable Shader API Libraries" unchecked since they might clash with glslang later.

## Linux

### Tools

```apt
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install ninja-build clang cmake git
```
```pacman
pacman -Syu
pacman -S ninja-build clang cmake git
```

### Vulkan SDK

For the Vulkan SDK, we advise you follow the instructions on [lunarg.com](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/latest/linux/getting_started_ubuntu.html), as they'll go over how to add the necessary sources and such for your package manager, but here are the commands for Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy):

```ubuntu
wget -qO- https://packages.lunarg.com/lunarg-signing-key-pub.asc | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/lunarg.asc
sudo wget -qO /etc/apt/sources.list.d/lunarg-vulkan-jammy.list http://packages.lunarg.com/vulkan/lunarg-vulkan-jammy.list
sudo apt update
sudo apt install vulkan-sdk
```
```other
https://vulkan.lunarg.com/sdk/home#linux
```

## Installing VSCode (Windows & Linux)

This tutorial will use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) as our code editor. You can also use other IDEs such as [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/), but it may be harder to follow the tutorial. We therefore recommend using VSCode with the following extensions:

1. C/C++ Extension Pack (`ms-vscode.cpptools-extension-pack`)
2. GLSL Lint (`dtoplak.vscode-glsllint`)
